Migrate Live Search and Catalog Service (#58)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/catalog-service/queries/products.md

---
title: products query | Commerce Web APIs
edition: ee
description: Describes how to construct and use the Catalog Service products query.
---

# products query

The Catalog Service for Adobe Commerce `products` query returns details about the SKUs specified as input. Although this query has the same name as  the [`products` query](http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/graphql/queries/products.html) that is provided with core Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source, there are some differences.

The Catalog Service query requires one or more SKU values as input. The query is primarily designed to retrieve information to render the following types of content:

*  Product detail pages - You can provide full details about the product identified by the specified SKU.

*  Product compare pages - You can retrieve selected information about multiple products, such as the name, price and image.

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

> Use the Live Search [`productSearch` query](https://devdocs.magento.com/live-search/product-search.html) to return product listing page content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Live Search [`productSearch` query](../../live-search/queries/product-search.md) to return product listing page content.
```
